Add git commit timestamp to jib creationTimestamp (#15)
ExpediaGroup/eg-oss-parent: README.md

The Expedia Group OSS Parent POM provides a Maven parent POM that is intended to be used by Expedia Group projects that require certain 
base functionality and need to publish artifacts to [Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/).

# Plugins
## [Jib Maven plugin](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib/tree/master/jib-maven-plugin)

> This plugin builds an optimized Docker image for a Java application and uploads it to Artifactory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin builds an optimized Docker image for a Java application and uploads it to [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/).
```

To setup the plugin in a child project add the following plugin references. The `git-commit-id-plugin` provides the 
last commit time to be used for the `creationTime` and `filesModificationTime` properties in the jib plugin configuration.
```xml
<plugin>
    <groupId>com.google.cloud.tools</groupId>
    <artifactId>jib-maven-plugin</artifactId>
</plugin>
<plugin>
    <groupId>pl.project13.maven</groupId>
    <artifactId>git-commit-id-plugin</artifactId>
</plugin>

> ```

Reviewer: We should also have a table here showing the most common properties that one might want to override like we do internally.

> 

Reviewer: We should also have the `Build Docker Image` section, minus the first bit in our internal version which discusses non-OSS builds, the rest is still valid for disabling the plugin and setting the timeout.
